docs: Fix path in dkim helper script (rspamd) (#4531)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

- **Documentation:**
  - Added a compatibility note for a Dovecot + Solr 9.8 breaking change ([#4433](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4433))

>   - Fixed path in DKIM helper setup script ([#4521](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/issues/4521))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `setup config dkim` (rspamd) - Corrected the expected path for the generated `dkim_signing.conf` file is now found in the DMS config volume ([#4521](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/issues/4521))
```
